EZP-32198 - update Perso docs/add screenshots (#97)
ezsystems/user-documentation: docs/personalization/recommendation_models.md

Therefore, a rendering logic should display the recommendations if they are available, 
or leave the bundle box out completely. 
The currently displayed product is always part of the bundle.

#### Similar rated

The "Similar rated" algorithm provides recommendations based on user preferences. 
It predicts articles that might suit the user's interests. 
Recommendations for articles similar to their dislikes are suppressed.

#### Best rated

This model provides recommendations based on algorithms that include the ranking 
values and the amount of distinct ratings. 
It is best suited for landing or category pages.

## Editorial and other models

#### Random

The model returns a semi-random list of products from the most recent ones. 
It allows injecting new products to the recommendation while the "History-based" models 
are not yet able to recommend products based on the statistics. 
It is a simplified and unsophisticated alternative if no other information is available 
to calculate and provide recommendations.

This model is not based on historical records but relies on the imported product catalog.

#### Editor-based

> This model returns products from a list that you manually create if you have Edit privileges. 

Author: ```suggestion
This model returns products from a list that you manually create if you have `Personalization/Edit` permissions. 
```
